You will come back.
This video is really just an exercise intro along with a potential solution walk through at the end.
Unfortunately I haven't found a way to write tests that will test your tests to me.
Coding editor.
So I don't have any interactive challenges yet.
I'm working on a couple ways of getting around it of parsing the output from tests.
But it's kind of precise.
So for now I want to just have something that is more of a substantial exercise.
OK.
So what we're going to do is write tests for our card and deck class from earlier in the course.
And if you don't if you didn't do those or if you've lost them you need a solution.
You can just start with the demo deck in card or my solution to at least to have them in two files just
to refresh your memory a card has a certain value and deck has a whole bunch of cards in a list 52 of
them for each suit and value ace through King.
And there's methods like reset count deal shuffle deal card deal hand.
OK.
So your task is to write tests and ideally you'll have tests that cover everything.
So for cards that's simple to just cover and knit.
And then the representation are the PR for deck.
It's a bit more complex because we have a net.
We have our PR we have count.
We were testing the underscore deal method in a couple of different ways.
If you try to deal when there are enough cards or if you try and deal too many cards then you know we
test to see what happens.
We also test to see if there's no cards that an error is thrown.
You test that dealing a single card works with Deal card deal hand works.
We see that shuffle works and I will point out that shuffle is a bit difficult to test because of the
randomness.
So you don't need to shuffle or you don't need to test you know that this equals something else afterwards.
It's easier to test that something changed.
So the length is the same but the elements inside are different or they're in a different order rather
than directly trying to figure out what the end result of the shuffle is anyway.
So I guess I just flashed my entire solution.
If you want to just take a look.
This is really more about the process of writing the tests.
So there's a lot here if you want to be thorough.
The actual assignment is to have full coverage for each method on deck and on card give it a shot and
then we'll just walk through my solution.
And lastly I'll show you if I run them you can see you know 12 Tests.
I have 12 test functions that are passing and they all have nice comments and messages cards should
have a certain value.
OK.
Count should return a count of the number of cards in the deck.
Shuffle should throw a value error.
If the deck is in full OK.
And with that all set you loose.
If you want to try this.
All right.
So that's the assignment again.
If you don't have those card classes ready that card deck classes you can just download from this video
as resources.
You can also download my test solution but I recommend that you try writing your test first and the
next video.
I will do a walkthrough of my solution.